index,Clothing.ID,Department.Name,Rating,Full_Review
0,1095,Dresses,4,"Size up if busty. I agree with the other reviewer that the color isn't as pink in person and more subtle. my thoughts below on some other things:
__________
pros:
- pockets! makes it so fun and chic with the overall style.
- the material is lovely and breathable. i didn't find it sheer at all! of course, i didn't wear it outside the dressing room. the material is thicker but it hangs on the body well.
- runs ""mostly"" tts. i only tried on the medium and it fit everywhere being slightly tighter in the chest. i"
1,903,Tops,4,Snap front hoodie. I have many sweaters but i bought this during the sale and it is very soft and comfortable.
2,830,Tops,4,Adorable. Beautiful top but runs a whole size small. gave to my daughter who loved!
3,1047,Bottoms,3,"Fraying after 2 wears!. I loved these pants.they are so comfortable. however, after just wearing them twice, the threads of the leaves are fraying, and leaving lint on whatever i sit on. the leaves at the seat of the pants are now slowly disappearing. this after wearing twice to work! i imagine after a few more wears that the leaves at the seat of the pants will be close to gone, or at least much less ""white"" with threads then the rest of the places. this is super unfortunate and will be returning. too bad, they were l"
4,1110,Dresses,5,"Fabulous material..... I ordered this dress in a petite but it arrived in a regular, the rest fit and in the meantime the petites ran out in my size.  the dress is too long but it is so beautiful i will get it shortened.  the fabric is lovely.  i am blonde and the green is so nice with my hair... which is a good thing since the other colour was totally sold out.  try not to miss out on this lovely purchase....."
5,820,Tops,5,"Run and buy...... Such a cute shirt! i picked up the white-with-flowers that is not being shown online yet. the straight white looks like it could wrinkle and definitely needs a tank underneath but the white with flowers was not see-through and seems like it will require a bit less steaming (the detail masks wrinkles :)) the flowered-design also has a small tie at the neck that i don't think was on the solid color design (can't totally remember) - cute extra detail but not overly obvious, it blends into the shirt"
6,1059,Bottoms,3,No Title. Had to send back for exchange. way too big. i'm very excited to get a smaller size because they are really beautifully made.
7,1092,Dresses,5,"Sbags easily. I liked this dress but wasn't sure about the color on me. i tried it on anyway. originally, i tried on the 0, but it seemed big so i ordered the 00. also usually i order petite, but this dress is already short (and i am not getting younger), so i went with regular size this time. color was not bad on my pale skin, i think the hue was ok (surprisingly). one thing that might bug the perfectionist in me, the zig zag isn't always aligned, the waist, for instance was crooked, but if it is like that e"
8,22,Tops,5,"Please bring this shirt back!!!. This is my favorite shirt ever. i've had it for years and it still looks great. please, please bring it back!!"
9,394,Intimate,5,No Title. 
10,1081,Dresses,5,Well made. This dress looks great on me. it gives a slender appearance which hides a lot and it's easy and comfortable to wear.
11,1008,Bottoms,4,"Figure flattering. This skirt is figure flattering and stylish, while still being work appropriate. i like the length as well."
12,1094,Dresses,2,"Bummer. Oh, i wanted this dress to work! i bought it in green, red and the solid blue. all ran really small. i *just* fit in a 10, when i would normally take a 6 in retailer sizes (5'8"" and 140 lbs). as with many other reviewers, i also noticed that the zipper was a huge flaw. it took a long, slow motion to get it zipped because it would get stuck on the fabric variations. such a cute style, was really bummed it didn't work. i kept ordering it in other colors thinking i would hit the jackpot, but they wer"
13,1077,Dresses,5,No Title. 
14,1021,Bottoms,3,"Foamy material. I stumbled upon this item at my local retailer, and immediately had to true it on. the colors are so lovely in person. after trying it on, i was disappointed :( the material has a foamy/air feel to it, and the skirt seems to run small. needless to say, i didn't purchase this item."
15,1025,Bottoms,5,"No Title. Love! i always used to wear skinny jeans until i discovered these!!! highly recommend. they elongate your legs and curve in just the right places. super flattering! plus, they are extremely comfortable. however, i'm 5 ft 2 inches and i have to wear a good 2 inch heel with them!"
16,834,Tops,3,Recommend on sale. This top is cute. i purchased a 2 instead of my usual size 4 and it fits well. i only recommend buying this top on sale. it is not good quality! there are loose threads hanging out of the seams all over the place and it is see through. it is totally nuts that it costs $88.
17,868,Tops,5,Love the olive color. It's a soft comfy fabric... cute ruffle... may be a little on the bigger side but still super cute! very form fitting but still fits true to size imo the olive color is even more beautiful in person!
18,829,Tops,2,"No Title. I wanted to love this top. perfect weight, length, and shape. unfortunately, the seam goes right through the bust and just does not look right. if you are tiny on top, this will be lovely on you."
19,1078,Dresses,5,"Super comfortable. I read the online reviews that the dress ran large so ordered size 6 and 8. i'm normally an 8 or 10, and the 6 fit perfectly. dress hangs beautifully and lining is really soft. appears that it will wrinkle somewhat easily but i am keeping it anyway since it's so beautiful. the bell sleeves are really cute! i highly recommend the dress."
20,1083,Dresses,5,"So its green----. I don't know how this dress looks on your monitor. on mine - it looks dark green. which it is! i was pleased with this aspect since i had hoped it would be as pictured despite the color description as ""slate."" that aside, it was a bit too large on me, and since i am on the shorter side at 5'4"", i looked a bit like a child's doll in it. i wish it had looked better on me because the color is beautiful, and so is the quality."
21,1110,Dresses,3,"Disappointed. I couldn't wait to get this dress from the online order. the fabric looked so interesting to me - linen, appliquã©, pockets, raw neckline. the dress looks sort of straight up and down on the model but in my opinion it's like a little a line tent. the top runs very narrow and i could barely get it over my head. i'm going to return it and try for a medium, for reference i am 5'4""  135 and usually wear a six or a small."
22,532,Intimate,4,No Title. These shorts are really cute but i felt like they were a little too short for me so i ended up returning them and i purchased the dress by the same brand instead.
23,936,Tops,4,"Soft with just enough structure. This sweater/tunic is lovely - soft, just enough structure in the top to not look like a sack, pretty color. i ordered the ""raspberry"" which is definitely more of a ""burnt orange-red"" to my eye. i understand what another reviewer was referring to regarding quality. the fabric just doesn't feel very substantial or strong. i have a feeling this might not last too long and it's a shame at this price point. i'd love to order another color but will definitely wait for sale. it's office appropriate an"
24,835,Tops,5,"No Title. This is a really great top. it looks fantastic on. while it is a bigger fit, its so flattering. i get tons of compliments every time i wear it."
25,1094,Dresses,5,"Hard to get. This dress was hard for me to get on but once i did...my oh my.  i am quite top heavy including my upper arms and back, so forcing the waistband over my shoulders made me panic a bit.  after the struggle, it fits like a glove and skims over all my yucky parts!  can't stop caressing the fabric and i hope my date (aka the hubs) feels the same.  dress is not lined.  i would've liked a soft mesh type lining similar to what plenty uses.  petite was sold out so i bought medium regular and it skims the"
26,1083,Dresses,5,"My go-to dress for everything. I love this dress and am strongly considering buying the white, too, but i wish it came in another color other than white or black, because i would get that. goes great for nice dinners, dates, weddings, almost anything. it's not ball-gown fancy, but just fitted and nice enough to wear for work or a nice evening out. only problem i have are with the clips in the front. i have a hard time using the loo because it is very fitted, you have to un clip them and then re-clip, but it's worth the effort"
27,1074,Dresses,3,"No Title. While the dress is pretty, it's a lot more boring than it seems online. the box top is actually a completely separate piece, which is kind of neat - you can choose to remove it or not. the box top is very wide (much wider than on the model) and very unflattering! also, the dress is a stiff silk fabric and doesn't flow like you would think it would. returning it!"
28,873,Tops,5,"Lightweight & comfortable. I bought this in xl and it fits just as shown. i could size down to a l and it would still fit because there is a lot of flow to this top. so, if you want a more tailored, but loose fit, then size down.

 but, it isn't boxy. and, the deep v is sexy, but not immodest. and the pocket looks like silk, but it's just polyester. the pleating in the back gives this movement or move-ability, like when you drive. there isn't much pull. 

it's a thin light material and very cool for hot, humid summer"
29,168,Intimate,4,"I wanted to fit to work!. I tried this top on today because i was really hoping i could get the shorts and robe set. the shirt was softer than i was expecting, but when i tried it on it was an uncomfortable fit. there was some tightness in the armpit area, which is not where i would have expected it to be tight. the rest of it was comfortable and reasonable looseness so i don't think a size up would have been a good option for me. i like the design a lot so i was really disappointed it didn't fit. it is between a lightwe"
30,1074,Dresses,5,Essential spring dress. I bought this dress for my bridal shower and it is perfect. the pattern is beautiful and very similar to the image shown online. the fabric is much lighter than i anticipated which is nice for spring/summer weather. i had to get the top altered slightly to better fit on top but it was a very easy alteration. i am normally a size 8 in dresses and found this to fit very true to size.
31,927,Tops,5,Love this sweater. I have been looking for a cuddly yet nice looking sweater like this one for a long time. i love anther as they always deliver what i am looking for.
32,1110,Dresses,4,"Cute print, but lacking in shape. The print was what attracted me to this dress. and the material is soft and comfortable. however, the fit was all wrong for me. it had a great belt in the back, but hung very loosely in the front. it reminded me a little of some of my maternity dresses. maybe sizing down would have helped, but then i feared it wouldn't fit my hips right. this dress may look better on someone who isn't as curvy. it really looks great on the model, but not on me."
33,861,Tops,1,"Great t. I love this t-shirt because it has the combination of elegance and relazation to a ""t"".
it's soft, pretty and covers my wide bottom well."
34,1022,Bottoms,5,Great fit!. These jeans are very comfortable. i really like the high waist. just what i was looking for!
35,860,Tops,5,"Gorgeous top. I purchased this top in the purple. it is much prettier in person then in the picture. the color is rich and vibrant. i am usually a large or xl but only needed the large in this top. 
the combination of fabrics is what makes this top special and the sheer bell sleeve really sets it off. 
i felt that it flowed perfectly, not as full as some of the fall retailer tops. (which are too full for me.)
i am around 5'6"" and a little on the broad side, so perhaps on someone smaller it might be overbeari"
36,927,Tops,5,"Amazing cardigan - getting tons of compliments!. I'm so happy i purchased this cardigan!! every time i've worn it i've actually gotten compliments, from both women and men:) i was slightly undecided at first due to it's quite pricey, but i think the quality is amazing and the pattern will actually last a long time as a keeper, not just a quick trend!! i'm so happy i snagged it before it ran out!!\ i have quite muscular upper arms, and the medium fits me well. the sleeves do have some give in them, and even though i'm also broad across my shoul"
37,1094,Dresses,5,No Title. 
38,862,Tops,4,"Runs big. I think the shirt is supposed to be a relaxed  fit, but i could have definitely gone down a size"
39,1082,Dresses,4,Beautiful dress. I read the previous comments and was skeptical. i love the dress! it's fitted on the top and flowy on the bottom. i didn't find it too big or maternity on the bottom half. the print is really pretty with flecks of blue that brightened up the dress.
40,880,Tops,5,Cute but big!. Adorable soft top for the fall! i wanted to love it because of the colors and the fact that it is so retro! it was just way too big for me. i'm always a medium but in this i probably should have sized down. i still gave it 5 stars because it is so cute--just didn't fit me! sadly i will be returning this!
41,1080,Dresses,3,Zipper was broken. I received this in the mail and it looked beautiful but the zipper was broken just like one of the other reviews. normally i would just exchange but i don't know if it's worth getting another broken one.
42,1095,Dresses,3,This is a trial and error dress. This dress needs such a specific body type but that's not to say it isn't for everyone. this dress is lovely but it's a dress that you need to try on in multiple sizes to figure out which will fit. i tried this in three different sizes to find the fit it was supposed to be. i had to size up and go to petite size. i do vary between 6 and 8 and this one i ended up getting an 8p. this dress is lovely but it is a trial and error dress so don't get discouraged if you have to size up it will look love
43,936,Tops,5,"Expectations met!. Wow, this sweater is, as other reviewers have said, perfect weight and the colors are vibrant and will work well with fall colors! i'm 5'11"" so i'm always hoping the length works and in this case it does! i am very happy with this!"
44,1050,Bottoms,5,"Comfort at its best. I purchased an xl and am 5'8""tall. the pants fall near the ankle just like the pic. i plan to wash on my gentle washing machine cycle. the texture fabric print will pair well with any printed tops you choose. these lounge pants are great for everyday wear especially for errands in town. so much better a choice than yoga pants which to me look ridiculous when wore in public. so ladies, please leave your yoga pants for the gym and treat yourself to these casual, comfortable pants. i have two pairs"
45,1110,Dresses,5,"Another great summer style from hd. This dress can be flattering on any figure type - but especially for women who need a little curve. i always wear a 6 in hd, and this fits nice and snug around the middle with a becoming flirty skirt that is lower in the back than front. flat chested women will have to fill it out with a padded bra. it may not be a great cut for a short person, as it has a long line to it and lots of busy-ness. only drawback, which depends on your taste, is the yellow pattern - it's a weird kind of greeny yellow"
46,872,Tops,5,"Perfect top and great price!. I recently bought this is a medium black and it is a perfect fit.  it's a beautiful top and the peplum portion is perfect and long enough for someone with a lon torso.  for reference, i'm 6ft 175lbs and usually wear a 10/12 or medium/large top.  i went with the medium based on other reviews. i  i was lucky to find this on sale."
47,824,Tops,5,Love this top. From the picture i wasn't sure how it would fit. got in the mail and i love it. fits snug when you first put it on and get looser as you wear it. definitely should of gotten a large.
48,1094,Dresses,3,"Detail ripped. I got my normal size and unfortunately the moment i tried it on the details on both shoulders ripped. the dress fit fine and i basically have no boobs so i don't think it was a case of it being too small. i guess it just wasn't reinforced enough. there was also a miss-stitch in the shoulder on the back which causes the back of the dress to bunch funnily. lastly, there's a slip on the inside which i don't think was necessary. it hugs tight to the body and makes the whole dress feel oddly clingy."
49,1052,Bottoms,5,"Trendy piece. I love the flowy-beachy look of this jumpsuit, it is very comfortable, and super cute, my only ""gripe"" is that the hip part is pretty wide, hands in the pockets, you can't tell, but if i were to get this, i would want a xxs. length was ok not petite since it is a flowy look. colors are very nice too, kind of ""70's"", but i love it. i think i will get this if it goes to sale, even if it is a little big on me... i am 115 lbs, 30d chest and tried on xs."